INSTALLING c2man:

1. For Linux and BSD, run Configure and answer the questions.
   Most of the time the default answers should do the trick, but here's some
   tips:

gcc:
	Do yourself a favour and use the latest version of gcc (>= 2.3.3).
	If you use -Wall, also use -Wno-implicit if your system header files
	don't declare basic stuff like fprintf in stdio.h (SunOS Release 4.1.2
	for example!). Actually these days gcc (>= 9.x) is even better.

bison:
	If you get link errors reporting `alloca' as undefined, try specifying
	-lPW when Configure asks `Any additional libraries?'.

flex:
	You may need to specify -lfl when asked `Any additional libraries?'.
	Flex versions 2.3 and older will cause c2man to hang if it encounters
	an 8 bit character in the input file.  If you require 8-bit character
	support, use the flex flag '-8' (this is the default for flex 2.4).

dbmalloc:

	Specify a compiler flag of -DDBMALLOC (and optimization -g if you like)
	and a library of -ldbmalloc for maximum checking. Don't use dbmalloc
	with gcc and flex, or y.tab.c will fail to build; just use lex instead.
	Don't use the shared version of your C library (eg: -lc_s), as
	Configure will by default, lest you get multiply defined symbols.

Otherwise, If you get any errors or warnings, please report them to me (with
fixes if possible!). Don't worry too much about warnings from y.tab.c or
lex.yy.c though, since they're generally at the mercy of your yacc & lex.

2. run make depend, if you didn't do it at the end of Configure.

3. run make

4. format (and read) the manual page in c2man.1.
   The examples in it are automatically generated, so check that it looks OK.

5. Optionally, run "make test > /dev/null" if you don't want to wade though
   heaps of output, or "make test | nroff -man | more" if you do. This runs
   c2man over the examples, and on its own source. The test is assumed to pass
   if it doesn't error or dump core.

   If the preprocessor you told Configure that c2man is to use is different to
   the one used to when compiling c2man itself, the test may fail because the
   definitions in config.h may not match the preprocessor c2man will run
   during the test and in normal use.

6. As root, do "make install". This will install the c2man binary, the example
   files and the manual page.
